[AUDIO LOGO]
>> When I started my
career as a scientist,
I thought the best contribution
that I could make was to find
a cure for one of the many
chronic diseases that we develop
as we grow older.
Eventually, I
realized that the best
way to help people live
better was actually
to prevent the diseases
in the first place, which
means targeting their
underlying cause--
aging.
So I embarked on this
journey to study aging
and, more specifically,
skin aging, as I
saw that skin was being
overlooked when it comes
to longevity.
A lot of scientists,
they are focused
on targeting skin to prevent
heart disease or brain diseases.
But no one was looking at
our largest organ, our skin.
Our skin is a very important--
it influences our lives
in many ways.
It impacts our appearance, our
confidence, our self-esteem,
and our social interactions.
Yet our skin is more
than just a canvas.
And as our skin ages,
our skin barrier weakens,
and this elevates our levels
of inflammation in our skin
and consequently
in our whole body,
contributing to this
process called inflammation,
which is associated with the
onset of chronic diseases.
So by treating our skin and
maintaining our skin healthy,
we are not only
improving our appearance,
we are investing in
our overall health.
Unfortunately, the market
is inundated with products
that claim to defy aging.
And most of us will find out
by trying product after product
that many of them don't meet
our expectations in terms
of benefits or results.
The reason is that the
majority of products out there
are designed to promote
surface-level benefits only.
They are not addressing
the root cause of aging.
Let's take retinol, for example.
Retinol works by causing
a damage to our skin.
It strips the outer
layers of our skin.
So our skin looks
smoother, but it's not
addressing what's causing aging
in the inner layers of the skin.
On top of that, retinol can
cause inflammation, redness,
and even compromise
our skin barrier.
What if there is a
way to rejuvenate
our skin without causing
such side effects?
The answer lies in
longevity science.
Many scientists
around the world have
been studying this process
that is the accumulation of all
the cells in our tissues,
which has been associated
with several
age-related conditions,
including skin aging.
What are these old
cells or zombie cells?
Zombie cells are cells that
have stopped functioning well.
They stop dividing,
and they start
secreting inflammatory
signals that
induce the cells around
to age faster, just
like a rotten apple in a bunch.
So the more zombie cells that
we have in our skin, the more
inflammation they produce, which
leads to collagen breakdown
and leads to the signs of aging
that we are all familiar with--
sagging, wrinkles,
dark spots, and so on.
So the hypothesis
here is that if we
can reduce the amount of
those old cells in the skin,
we can allow the healthy
skin cells to replicate.
And we can promote this to
rejuvenate from the inside
out in a very targeted
and effective way.
So that's when our team
of scientists came in
and we spent years testing new
molecules that could target
specifically senescent cells.
And we are more
interested in peptides,
which is a common ingredient
in cosmetic products.
And after five years of research
and testing nearly a thousand
peptides, we found OS-01.
OS-01 is a novel
molecule that can
reduce the accumulation of old
cells in our skin by up to 40%.
And when we treated skins
in the lab with OS-01,
we could see that by reducing
the amount of old cells,
we could reduce inflammation and
we could allow the healthy skin
cells to proliferate, leading
to more collagen production
to a stronger skin barrier.
And in the end, you have a
biologically younger skin
that's healthier and
that looks younger, too.
So the consequence of targeting
the root cause of aging
is that you are going to
get a better appearance.
But we want to go
further and we want
to measure how much you can
reverse the age of the skin.
So in order to do that,
we used an algorithm
that measured changes in the
skin's epigenetic profile,
more specifically,
the DNA of the skin.
And this algorithm allows us to
quantify how many years we can
reverse the age of the skin.
And when we treated these
skins in the lab with OS-01,
we could see that we
could reverse the age
of the skin in 2.5 years.
But now you are wondering how
this translates into benefits
to the skin of real humans.
So that's when we developed
the first skin longevity
treatment, a topical solution
that contains these peptides.
And we ran clinical studies.
And after 12 weeks,
we could see 100%
of users showing improvements
in their overall appearance
and texture, 87% improving
skin wrinkles and fine lines.
And we could measure the
improvement in the skin barrier
as well, showing that we
are improving the function
of the skin and the appearance.
But we want to go beyond and
we want to measure this age
reversal in humans.
So we ran a study for 12 months.
And then after 12 months,
they collected skin biopsies
from these participants.
And we analyzed the DNA
or the epigenetic profile
again, with that algorithm.
And we could measure that.
We could reverse the age
of the skin in 3.3 years,
meaning that we are not
only not aging one year,
we are reversing back the
age of the skin in 3.3 years.
And this is the
first time that we
can show that it's possible
to reverse the age of the skin
in humans, which
is pretty exciting.
But we didn't stop there.
We want to treat
your skin as a whole.
We know that this is important
for overall longevity.
And a lot of us forget to take
care of the skin in our body.
We pay too much
attention on our face,
but we don't give the
same care to our body
until we start seeing
signs of crepeness,
until our skin starts to get
thin and fragile and flaky.
And then we see that impacts
our quality of life, too.
So this is an exciting
time to be alive.
You guys are seeing
so many technologies
and how science is showing
us that aging is not
an immutable process.
It's malleable, it's reversible.
And more and more, we'll be
able to control how we age.
So here, we have
shown that we can
reverse the age of your skin.
And other studies are
showing that it's also
possible to reverse
the age of your brain
and your heart and beyond.
So let's take advantage
of all of those resources,
and let's continue to invest
in our body, in our skin,
and continue to enjoy
healthy years of life.
Thank you.
[AUDIO LOGO]